First Release (#33)
nf-core/lsmquant: README.md

[![run with singularity](https://img.shields.io/badge/run%20with-singularity-1d355c.svg?labelColor=000000)](https://sylabs.io/docs/)
[![Launch on Seqera Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Launch%20%F0%9F%9A%80-Seqera%20Platform-%234256e7)](https://cloud.seqera.io/launch?pipeline=https://github.com/nf-core/lsmquant)

[![Get help on Slack](http://img.shields.io/badge/slack-nf--core%20%23lsmquant-4A154B?labelColor=000000&logo=slack)](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/lsmquant)[![Follow on Bluesky](https://img.shields.io/badge/bluesky-%40nf__core-1185fe?labelColor=000000&logo=bluesky)](https://bsky.app/profile/nf-co.re)[![Follow on Mastodon](https://img.shields.io/badge/mastodon-nf__core-6364ff?labelColor=FFFFFF&logo=mastodon)](https://mstdn.science/@nf_core)[![Watch on YouTube](http://img.shields.io/badge/youtube-nf--core-FF0000?labelColor=000000&logo=youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/c/nf-core)
![HiRSE Code Promo Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Promo-8db427?style=plastic&label=HiRSE&labelColor=005aa0&link=https%3A%2F%2Fgo.fzj.de%2FCodePromo)

## Introduction

> **nf-core/lsmquant** is a bioinformatics pipeline that performs preprocessing and analysis of light-sheet microscopy images of tissue cleard samples. The pipeline takes 2D single-channel 16-bit `.tif` images as input. The preprocessing consists of intesity adjustment, channel alignemnt, and tile stitching to reconstruct the 3D image. For mousebrain samples it offers a regsitration to the Allen Mouse Brain Reference Atlas for precise region annotation. Cell nuclei quantification is perfomed on the nuclear channel by a 3D-Unet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**nf-core/lsmquant** is a bioinformatics pipeline that performs preprocessing and analysis of light-sheet microscopy images of tissue cleared samples. The pipeline takes 2D single-channel 16-bit `.tif` images as input. The preprocessing consists of intesity adjustment, channel alignment, and tile stitching to reconstruct the 3D image. For mousebrain samples it offers a registration to the Allen Mouse Brain Reference Atlas for precise region annotation. Cell nuclei quantification is perfomed on the nuclear channel by a 3D-Unet.
```

<div style="text-align: center;">
<img src="docs/images/lsmquant-metromap.svg" alt="lasmquant metromap">
</div>

> ### Basic workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basic workflow
```
